what's up guys - the Saints fan and
today I will show you some stuff that
you may have missed from the recent
trailer as well as some of these
screenshots that were uploaded this
morning about GTA 5 on next-gen so
hopefully this makes you guys more
excited for this game coming out on
November 18th
but anyway getting right into the first
thing that I want to show you guys is
this picture and if you look only right
that is actually the Huntley and it is
in traffic and this is in single-player
so it looks like DLC cars will actually
be spawning in the game as regular cars
which is actually really cool I know I
kind of mentioned that in a screenshot
that we saw a couple weeks back from
Rockstar when there was one of the
hipster DLC cars parked in a parking lot
but now it's a little bit more clear
that the DLC cars will spawn in the
traffic which is awesome because now we
can have more variety of cars in the
game now this will probably carry over
into online but I doubt that we will be
able to store these cars it will
probably say like it does with some of
the other high-end vehicles like you
know it's too hot for your garage but
either way that is definitely really
awesome another thing about this picture
that's kind of cool and you probably
notice that it's not as unnoticeable as
some of this other stuff but you
actually when you wear a helmet you have
the helmet outline now that's pretty
cool I'm wondering though if we can turn
that on or off because I know sometimes
having that helmet the little outline
there sometimes it gets annoying but
that's definitely a really great
addition to the game if we move on
though this is another picture from CVG
and it is the in Ponte dukes and all you
guys we saw the first picture of the
Dukes people were wondering whether or
not we will have the regular Dukes or if
it'll be just the Duke Oh death which I
think it's called and now we have some
confirmation that the regular Dukes will
be back now obviously this is in
single-player but there's no reason that
it's not going to be in online as the
regular car so that is some awesome news
if you guys were looking forward to that
and then the third thing that I kind of
noticed was that the mini-map if you
look at this picture on the bottom left
the mini-map is actually a lot more
detailed so I'm not sure if it's just me
but it actually looks a little bit
bigger and it kind of fades off with the
land as you can see like on the outer
edges so that's definitely really
awesome but that is just some little
things that I saw in the trailers and
some of the screen shots that look new
if you guys saw anything else let me
know in the comment section
hope you guys enjoyed though drop a like
if you did subscribe to more awesome
content on this GTA stuff and as always
to where things fan I'm out
you